#Shark·b8888.8888·Trans·loose·$siyamz
#Heil·rRikkk·turns·Shucks


Hi.

I Raheem Rice am publically announcing that I physically bitched out of MY opportunity in civil court, & after dealing with ngl passive aggressive inconveniences, want to apologize for the miscellaneous posts , attempt to explain how upset it is to justify my end without coming off whiny, and ask for help from the sake of communicating clearly.
I didn't want to lost my house, i didnt pay my mortgage. none of this is a surprise to a slow process but circumstancially I want to make it clear. I will be the first one to tell anyone to their face, god, or my parents, I am 100% cognizant of my actions, at all times, in all moments that I have the ability to hold my breath & bother people, that I do not expect nicities from the world but I also have to express that I fundamentally, 1000% could solve literally... every single "issue" i have had ... my entire life ngl, by literally, not fucking with the very clearly obvious "don't fuck with me" phase of everything.

I am blessed to have worked at wells fargo for 1.4 years, from 01.2016, to 07.18 as a phone banker in the sales dept... I was the last hiring class before wells fargo was found out to be... idk... a bank... & they were settling a lawsuit for reasons that had nothing to do with me. 

I got the job, with no phone, barely. I had less than $40 in my pocket & was sincerely dismissing the person who suggested I apply. the Interview was serious, & Since i knew Intranet, vs internet systems, I noticed the interviewer relax & ngl every job ive ever made anyone laugh (not intentional I talk in cartoons sometimes & upside down when im being serious) i 100% got the job, excluding my Firefighter Panel than I recused myself from the last 15 minutes to ask sincerely what it realistically would take to be able to be truly considered elgible to be part of the SFFD.

The Battalion Chief (who ive seen now 10+) said "The one thing we take note of is that there is no limit to how long or how often you apply, if it takes 10 years or 10 tries, I will, most likely still be here, but speaking on behalf of my station & those in the city any First Aid, CPR, or Medical Certifications are always taken as a sincere pre-emptive action... & it is always something we consider a positive to know for someone may need it someday including you or someone else when it matters most."

I try to take a piece of every where I "Work" both for how it is operated, & also... if I would implement positives into my life, vs very clearly understanding.... Bruh, I am not normal. 67% I attract attention when I am literally, literally writing things in my room, in my bed, as P H Y S i C  a L L y possibly P osssible.... to mind my own business, with or without internet, with or without intentions from myself or the universe..  that its fundamentally undeniable that I have imo, a true sense of not speaking something... unless I truly mean it, I dont joke, but I am funny. 

I don't yell, UNLESS its safety related.
I am healthy, my family is healthy, & I am typing this from technology to a audience that may or may not recieve my words, for the sake of saying, that not only do I do things & OWN every decision I make... I truly, truly am gratefuly for the life I live & do not expect this to come off as concerning, but I do not care for our societys way of life, I think our culture is disgusting, they" being "anyone not in your immediete sphere of suffering" is extremely cold to taking care of one another. Money is stupid, imo, but buying... idk... stuff.. is nice?

I also realize subjectively I am not able to look past my own imploding from trying repeatedly to express that I am BY FAR THE FIRST< LOUDEST< MOST IMMEDIETE random to ask for help when i need help. HELP is not weakness. imo i really really want to stress how difficult it is to say that I will always give everyone what I can when I got it, we got it. feast or famine, & the last ngl 20 years of my life, have been doing whatever I want too do, selfishly because I could have easily, easily sold cars... lame.
Military... close, but smdh... so close to having my mind, heart & soul die for this country. I experienced 0, literal 0 NEGATIVES from my 10 years in the US ARMY (Reserves, 2 years... kinda active) 

This is my ego talking. But ive been bored with almost every system because people just... accept it? like, ive met people, who mean well, but literally dont understand the other 31% of my problems... lol... is me literally teasing & antagonizing... idk.. everyone.

why so many words? why so much blah blah?

Well, back to wells fargo. My. Literal. WOW. I was making 24.67 ( $5 bucks more than base.) because I acted DISGUSTED they offered only $22 when I figured an establishment such as Fargo & Wells... well... shrug emoji could literally either match my rate I paid myself when I did cash work, or it just seemed silly to negotiate a salary... when in my head im like actually...(AM I BEING STUPID? SHOULD i SAY $38??) 

So, i am hired, & wow. wow. wow. I was making 7x the money, for literally, lol. not even remote work.
Like Ive done concrete, roofing, kitchens, most if not all of yall or soft, me 2000% superwimp especially. respect to those who built ... everything, but come on now, 18 days of PTO + 10 Holidays & i actually got a floating holiday added because we were hired technically during MLK... 

I couldnt figure out pto the first 4 months.. I started melting because i couldnt vto, secretly fumed that they hustled me on offering it, & was imploding from the anniversary of my parents passing that I took a request in feb off for march 14th, that for 7 weeks it said... pending?

I showed my supervisor.. she literally went... silly sir, thats the old system, you mean youve never taken it off this entire time?

Oh no i literally request every single time possible, lol.  she showed me, and my first pto nap I literally went home, & cried when I woke up. I would have still been at work & i got paid to be in my house, that I barely got, by being in the military for a VA loan, having 773 credit, literally being on paper able to say i made 72k with expectations for 6 figures the following year.

to literally, explain it, all of my actual life paths seemed incredible, thanks to my job, house, family, & becoming into myself, while still being an unorthodox dbag.

I had palm tree plants at my desk. I literally took every call without banter for what it was worth, & every time I got yelled at for 2 hour phone calls I said what about the fact that I also literally wasnt speaking slow, I cant control the fact that customers seemingly enjoy talking to me, that you literally can see every breath im taking & that I am not on my phone, browsing, & I am right there with them the fully 2 hours... because the one thing I didnt let them do is transfer, or bail on customers until their issue was 100% resolved.

like, I literally have hand written letters from people all over the country, world actually, because I still have & continue to, maintain about 3, of 16-26 pen pals that Ive had since I had on a anonymous blog post that went viral? in 2009.

this is on top of every other misc adventure ive done. I did even begin to start eclipse until Ethan McMahon fuckin died because the building we worked on collapsed on him. from a brick we removed. Hultrgren is a bitch & legacy development is allowed to exist, but to be called LEGACY & not ... idk... say... my bad there might be idk, a way to make sure his son, or acknowledge ment that they fucked up. 

idk. workin at pave, to reno copper lounge, to literally seeing my childhood friend cry that he cant shake being a marine (medic?)& the lives he couldnt save for his friends... kinda... just listened, & asked him if it made sense to call him a hero for idk.. actually doing combat shit.

He said, for Marines? FUCK NO. Call him a Marine, he ngl was really proud of knowing at anytime he could physically run with 260lbs on his back. & i said Im glad to hear it because Ive always needed stronger friends when I pass out... they just.. yep, hes right where he left himself.

I got the job at wells, & bruh night & day your problems are not problems. I knew the literally second I got there, I was not only just gonna stfu & not play anything. I just needed to get my house, focus on my path, & learn everyday.

my first tardy, was my first day on the floor. because I didnt want to be badged to walk in before I worked there officially. I had to be escorted by security, & filed with HR, explained that I didnt want to agree to anything I didnt understand, & technically in an at will state Wells could have , recinded my position. 


But I got a rare, ultra, ultra rare, "hmmph, never thought about that, kind of a good point." in the background of the hr talking to security, that Wells documented, but kept the occurance... despite not knowing literally what... what the hell that even means.

An occurance means you can fuck off & not go in to work for any reason. any. one occurance covered 3 shifts. you get 3 or 4 a year so you can technially miss work for ANY reason, any, & I wasnt even trying to be late, I just wanted to be literally able to enter the building, without needing too be tagged from my literal breath, because i have never worked in this enviroment & i was pushin it, but ive always considered "NEW" guy naivety until your first paycheck.

we had a long training class, long handholding, and milked like 4 months before even having to actually work. My goal that year was to get out of 27k in 100 debt free, and it took 11 months & 3 weeks to FINALLY be ahead unexpectedly thanks to Garth Brooks week in Sioux Falls, & winning $2400 in 15 minutes on one shoe in blackjack, that I literally, wasnt even debt free, but, just, idk had the emergency fund, extra money, air? 

I averaged up my year rate, to bs it, it was roughly 65 hours a week between 3 legit jobs, at a rate of $26.ish net after taxes  I made 57k wells, & am looking at my 1 year certificate now.

Dude they didnt hate me, but i just have to say that, as an adult, this would be my 8th year in a company, nikkka lolol i can assure you, one year in an actual paying call center, & there is no way you couldnt make suburban ends meet.

the very first phone call, wells fargo fuckin bs'd us.
So they used to be ruthless... still are... but basically sales meant sign them up for something or we wish we could whip you.
idk who worked there before me, but idk, the first 4 calls of day one I basically realized this place is unbearable to be in, I dont understand it, & also, wtf is a candy gram?

the cart lady asked me for a Dollar? & i said... at a bank? lol I need a please or an or else, & she scoffed that I told her she should give me a dollar so i can tip her & gave her half of my orange, which she accepted & actually paid me lol. 

off the phones i asked what a candy gram was, & it was for a guy who worked there 13 years. I physically shot back & wheeled my chair & broke my screen. like, silently, even from the lady, but like I was electrcouted that people worked in the same building, same headset, same cubicle, & he was the scotaroos dude for pot lucks.

Okay wah wah get to your point?

I realized, I wanted to never be wasting my time there, & to use the institution as a resource. I actually really enjoy learning about banking, lending, & how people use money, but i can assure you, you have a favorite bill, & you either preferr auto pay, or doing the damn thang ya damn self 